May 27, 2019


Dear Jade, 


How are you? I hope this finds you well. I miss you and hope you are doing well in school. I am enjoying the easy weather here. 

I am doing gardening so I can eat healthy. I am hiking so I can get more exercise. Ray also takes care of me and he is also doing fine. 

His scarf took him some time. They had 

I also love my cats Wilbur and Winnie and my friends. I got a new fitness watch for my birthday. I also got a backpack that carries water in it.

What do you like to do for fun? I hear Taiwan is doing well and is a nice place to go see. I am saving up to go again soon. 

I would like to know what you would like to do there. I remember when we went to the zoo. I would like to go there again. It was so fun. 

The weather today started around 90 degrees Fahrenheit and then dropped to 70 degrees Fahrenheit. 

I don't remember how to convert that to metric. Can you convert the temperature for me? 

I just finished my first month of work. I work for the Social Security Administration (SSA) in Baltimore, 
which is in Maryland of the United States of America.

People who retire or have a disability can get money from the government through there.

I like to draw but I don't have as much time to draw. I hope this card is something you like. 

I am very glad you wrote to my mother. She received the mail you sent her. She liked it and will send you something back. 

I am also going to start writing and also calling you on your Sunday evenings which are my Sunday mornings. 

It is a twelve hour time difference give or take an hour. I also hope my writing will help your English. 

I will note the big words for you to look up and write in a very direct and easy to read way for you. 

Thank you for taking my calls. It is always a happy part of my day when I get to see my beautiful daughter.  

Hope to get a letter back or, at least, I hope to talk to you again on Line. It is best to pay full attention on a phone call. 

It is polite manners to not be distracted with television or a room full of people when talking. 

Maybe you can sit on the bed. I hope it won't take too long. I think twenty minutes is good but maybe we can talk more than once. 

What do you think?  Is there anything you would like me to send?  

Glad you're doing well. I hope your school grades will improve and I believe you can do a good job. 

Please take care of yourself, 


Love, Your dad.


John H. Gagon
PO Box 18246
Halethorpe, MD 21227 USA


distracted - when you are thinking of other things instead of what you need to to think about.



